Update Creator Store Docs (#889)
Roblox/creator-docs: content/en-us/projects/assets/api.md

---

You can search Roblox's assets outside Studio by accessing the Creator Store API. Use the [Creator Store API](#creator-store-api) to query Studio assets, such as meshes, models, and audio, and the [Marketplace API](#marketplace-api) to query avatar assets on the Marketplace.

Each API requires a URL and custom search parameters for that specific catalog. If both URL and parameters are valid, the API returns a JSON format with the results of your search.

## Creator Store API

<Alert severity="info">
The `toolbox-service` API described below is not currently covered on the official [Cloud API](../../cloud/reference/index.md) documentation. Better support for Creator Store search with a cleaner API is underway.
</Alert>

You can query items from the Creator Store catalog using the following URL:
`https://apis.roblox.com/toolbox-service/v1/marketplace/{categoryId}[params]`

You can replace `[categoryId]` and `[params]` with the appropriate [query parameters](#query-parameters) to customize your search.

Valid category IDs are:

- Audio = `3`
- Model = `10`
- Decal = `13`
- Animation = `24`
- Plugin = `38`
- MeshPart = `40`
- Video = `62`
- FontFamily = `73`

> - Music = `300`

Reviewer: This could be a bit confusing, as there are 9 items listed here, then 13 items listed for `categoryId (path)` in the table below. Are these the same thing? Or this a subset of the tabled one, and what qualification makes it a subset?

Author: I updated it to only include the 9 items here and below

    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>artist</td>
      <td>string</td>
      <td>The name of the artist</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>album</td>
      <td>string</td>
      <td>The album you are looking for</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>audioTypes</td>
      <td>array[int]</td>
      <td>`0` = Music<br />`1` = SoundEffect</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>uiSortIntent</td>
      <td>int</td>
      <td>What sort order to rank the results by<br /><br />`1` = Relevance<br />`6` = Trending<br />`7` = AllTime<br />`8` = Top<br />`9` = Duration<br />`10` = DateCreated<br />`11` = DateModified<br />`12` = Creator<br />`13` = Name</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>includeOnlyVerifiedCreators</td>
      <td>bool</td>
      <td>A flag to include only results from verified creators. Verified creators are those that are ID or phone verified.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>minPriceInCents</td>
      <td>int64</td>
      <td>Minimum cost in cents (only applicable to plugins)</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>maxPriceInCents</td>
      <td>int64</td>
      <td>Maximum cost in cents (only applicable to plugins)</td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

> For more detailed documentation regarding the toolbox-service, please refer to the updated documentation at creator store API.

Reviewer: Which documentation is this referring to?

Author: I was referring to _this_ documentation that this PR added. Maybe I can reword this to 
> please refer to the updated documentation at creator store API below.

> For more detailed documentation regarding the toolbox-service, please refer to the updated documentation at creator store API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more details regarding `toolbox-service`, please refer to the updated documentation below.
```

This is a sample response from the endpoint:

```json
{
  "totalResults": int,
  "filteredKeyword": string,
  "spellCheckerResult": {
    "correctionState": int,
    "correctedQuery": string,
    "userQuery": string
  },
  "queryFacets": {
    "appliedFacets": Array[string],
    "availableFacets": Array[string]
  },
  "imageSearchStatus": int,
  "previousPageCursor": string,
  "nextPageCursor": string,
  "data": [
    {
      "id": int,
      "name": string,
      "searchResultSource": string
    }
  ]
}
```

> To get back the asset metadata, you would go over the data array and extract the ids, call the GetItemDetails endpoint on toolbox-service like this:

Reviewer: Is "GetItemDetails" a specific, proper API call or similar? Can we link to it elsewhere if so?

Author: Yeah, its a specific API. the example is given below, as mentioned. This API (toolbox-service) is a temporary workaround / API for creators until the creator store team builds a more robust API in Open Cloud, so these docs itself will be all that we give creators on how to use "search" in lieu of the catalog API deprecation.

---
title: Creator Store Queries
description: Creator Store Queries let you externally query the Creator Store and Marketplace Catalog.
---

You can search Roblox's assets outside Studio by accessing the Creator Store API. Use the [Creator Store API](#creator-store-api) to query Studio assets, such as meshes, models, and audio, and the [Marketplace API](#marketplace-api) to query avatar assets on the Marketplace.

Each API requires a URL and custom search parameters for that specific catalog. If both URL and parameters are valid, the API returns a JSON format with the results of your search.

## Creator Store API

> [!NOTE]

> > We acknowledge that the toolbox-service API described below is not covered on the official Cloud APIs documentation. We are planning to better support Creator Store search with a cleaner API in future, stay tuned for updates.

Reviewer: Is there a specific reason why it's not being added to the official Cloud APIs doc? If so, it might be good to provide more specifics here instead of a promise for future updates.

Author: It requires more planning to add to the official api docs. An internal team at roblox is working on getting a better estimate for this.

---
title: Creator Store Queries
description: Creator Store Queries let you externally query the Creator Store and Marketplace Catalog.
---

You can search Roblox's assets outside Studio by accessing the Creator Store API. Use the [Creator Store API](#creator-store-api) to query Studio assets, such as meshes, models, and audio, and the [Marketplace API](#marketplace-api) to query avatar assets on the Marketplace.

Each API requires a URL and custom search parameters for that specific catalog. If both URL and parameters are valid, the API returns a JSON format with the results of your search.

## Creator Store API

> > [!NOTE]
> > We acknowledge that the toolbox-service API described below is not covered on the official Cloud APIs documentation. We are planning to better support Creator Store search with a cleaner API in future, stay tuned for updates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Alert severity="info">
The `toolbox-service` API described below is not currently covered on the official [Cloud API](../../cloud/reference/index.md) documentation. Better support for Creator Store search with a cleaner API is underway.
</Alert>
```

Reviewer: I rephrased slightly and put into an Alert annotation here.

You can query items from the Creator Store catalog using the following URL:
`https://apis.roblox.com/toolbox-service/v1/marketplace/{categoryId}[params]`

You can replace `[categoryId]` and `[params]` with the appropriate [query parameters](#query-parameters) to customize your search.

### CategoryId

Valid categoryIds are:

Audio = 3
Model = 10
Decal = 13
Animation = 24
Plugin = 38
MeshPart = 40
Video = 62
FontFamily = 73
Music = 300

### Query Parameters

You can specify search parameters by appending a series of parameters and values to the URL, each separated by a `&`.

Use the following parameters to query the Creator Store:

<table>
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th>Parameter</th>
      <th>Type</th>
      <th>Options and Values</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td>categoryId (path)</td>
      <td>int</td>
      <td>

>         Audio = 3 </br>

Author: @IgnisRBX I cant get these lint errors to go away? Am i missing something?
